# BrokerNodes
Broker Nodes: These nodes are responsible for a range of keys (called topics) which in our case is the name of one chat (the name of the channel e.g. “Distributed_Systems”). One essential characteristic of such systems is that it needs to be done equal distribution between brokers. This practically means that almost every broker it should serve (roughly) the same size conversations. In order, then to make an equal distribution in how many topics each broker node undertakes, it is necessary to do some form of hashing. To do this we use a hash function (eg SHA1 or MD5) and get the hash of String ChannelName and the hash of the broker's IP+Port. So each broker will be responsible for as many hashes records are smaller than the hash of its IP+Port. (Be careful which one hashes correspond to the broker with the smallest hash, will need to use mod). These nodes appropriately inform Publishers of which keys they are responsible and then open communication with them (with the publisher) so that they are able to receive the information when it becomes available and to promote it to the appropriate consumers who have registered above their. This is done during the search for a chat. Also, in each new connection of a new consumer informs him appropriately about who who are the other brokers and what topics-conversations are they responsible for. A very an important element of brokers is that the information they send to consumers they must send it to everyone at the same time. For this reason, because the multimedia content should be transmitted at the same time on subscribers, you will need to use multithreading principles scheduling so that real-time multicasting is possible time to subscribed chat users
